Disadvantages of OOP:

1. The length of the programmes developed using OOP language is much larger than the procedural approach. Since the programme becomes larger in size,
   it requires more time to be executed that leads to slower execution of the programme.

2. We can not apply OOP everywhere as it is not a universal language. It is applied only when it is required.  It is not suitable for all types of problems.
   Programmers need to have brilliant designing skill and programming skill along with proper planning because using OOP is little bit tricky.

3. OOPs take time to get used to it.  The thought process involved in object-oriented programming may not be natural for some people.

4. Everything is treated as object in OOP so before applying it we need to have excellent thinking in terms of objects


Difference between Multicore and Multithreading:

1. Multicore refers to a computer or processor that has more than one logical CPU core, and that can physically execute multiple instructions at the same time.
   A computer's "core count" is the total number of cores the computer has: computers may have multiple processors, each of which might have multiple cores;
   the core count is the total number of cores on all of the processors.

2. Multithreading refers to a program that can take advantage of a multicore computer by running on more than one core at the same time.
   In general, twice as many cores equals twice as much computing power (for programs that support multithreading) though some problems are limited by factors other than
   CPU usage; these problems will not experience gains that are as dramatic from multithreading.

It's important to note that performance is not the only reason programs use many threads.

Tabulation:

Tabulation is similar in the sense that it builds up a cache, but the approach is different. A tabulation algorithm focuses on filling the entries of the cache
, until the target value has been reached.

While DP problems, such as the fibonacci computation, are recursive in nature, a tabulation implementation is always iterative.

What is a clean code with example:

Avoid Disinformation
Be careful about words that mean something specific. Do not refer to a grouping of accounts as accountList unless its type is actually a List
. The word has a specific meaning and it may lead to false conclusions.

Even if the type is a list, accounts is a simpler and better name.

Bad:

var accountList = [];
Good:

var accounts = []


which library is used for api in python?

In order to work with APIs in Python, we need tools that will make those requests. In Python, the most common library for making requests
 and working with APIs is the requests library.
 The requests library isn’t part of the standard Python library, so you’ll need to install it to get started.